README.md, before:

# notificationsapp [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/shurcooL/notificationsapp.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/shurcooL/notificationsapp) [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/shurcooL/notificationsapp?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/shurcooL/notificationsapp)

Package notificationsapp is a web frontend for a notifications service.

Installation
------------

```bash
go get -u github.com/shurcooL/notificationsapp
```

Development
-----------

This project relies on `go generate` directives to process and statically embed assets. For development only, you'll need extra dependencies:

```bash
go get -u -d -tags=generate github.com/shurcooL/notificationsapp/...
GOARCH=js go get -u -d github.com/shurcooL/notificationsapp/...
```

Afterwards, you can build and run in development mode, where all assets are always read and processed from disk:

```bash
go build -tags=dev something/that/uses/notificationsapp
```

When you're done with development, you should run `go generate` and commit that:

```bash
go generate github.com/shurcooL/notificationsapp/...
```

License
-------

-	[MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

Commit message:

Link to canonical issue tracker more visibly.

README.md, after:

# notificationsapp [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/shurcooL/notificationsapp.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/shurcooL/notificationsapp) [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/shurcooL/notificationsapp?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/shurcooL/notificationsapp)

Package notificationsapp is a web frontend for a notifications service.

Note, the canonical issue tracker for this package is currently hosted at
https://dmitri.shuralyov.com/issues/github.com/shurcooL/notificationsapp.
Its notifications are implemented using this very package.

Installation
------------

```bash
go get -u github.com/shurcooL/notificationsapp
```

Development
-----------

This project relies on `go generate` directives to process and statically embed assets. For development only, you'll need extra dependencies:

```bash
go get -u -d -tags=generate github.com/shurcooL/notificationsapp/...
GOARCH=js go get -u -d github.com/shurcooL/notificationsapp/...
```

Afterwards, you can build and run in development mode, where all assets are always read and processed from disk:

```bash
go build -tags=dev something/that/uses/notificationsapp
```

When you're done with development, you should run `go generate` and commit that:

```bash
go generate github.com/shurcooL/notificationsapp/...
```

License
-------

-	[MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)
